My name is Esther Wyatt. This project allows a user to make a todo list and to put their contacts into a contact form. It allows a user to add new todos, strike through completed todos, and to delete todos. It also allows a user to put in their first name, last name, email, and comments into a page which will display the input data on the page. Using a nav bar, a user can toggle through three pages: Todos, Insert Todo, and Contact Form. The home page displays the todos with cooresponding delete buttons. On this page you can also strike through a todo by clicking on it and unstrike that todo by clikcing on it again. On the Insert Todo page you can add a todo by writng in the input field and clicking "Add". The todo that you add will show up on the Todos page. Finally, in the Contact Form a user can add their first name, last name, email, and comments into the cooresponding inout fields. The data that is put in will show up on the bottom half of the page and is sensative to whatever is changed in the inout fields. For this project, I used css, javascript, react, and html. If I could improve this project in the future, I would like the todos to be able to be movable by a user's cursor up and down the list so that the most important todos could be at the top. I would also make the Contact Form able to make an account with the user's info so that the user could login to their account of todos. Finally, I would make different sections of todos, like "shopping" or "creative ideas". 
